# 👋 Hi, I’m Thom Poppins,

### 👀 I have 3 years experience as PHP Backend development, developing custom Shopware Plugins for our customer webshops.

### ✨ I seek a future solopreneur career developing frontend applications with JavaScript based frameworks and library's, like React or developing animation in the browser with the javascript [Three.js](https://threejs.org/examples/#webgl_instancing_dynamic) library.

# Contact: thompoppins@gmail.com ,

# LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thom-poppins-b48314284/

## Are you also interested in JavaScript modules libraries and frameworks?

## Is there a helpful community I might have missed?

## Is there a group of like minded people who collaberate on the same Javascript based projects? I'd like to join a groep of independend developers and contribute on projects for free! At least for now since I am really Junior JS Developer. (3 years experience in PHP)

## Do you know something, something interesting, or something I might not now or it might be helpful in any possible way? Send me a emailn or connect me on LinkedIn!

## Do you have a tip for me? Is there something I can improve to be a beter JavaScript developer? Let me know!

## I have a good idea about developing of a Web-application with React, that I call Profile Finder for now. I have a very good idea for a social application where users can login with their account and socialize, become connected, I know that it sounds like I want to develop a second Facebook, but that is not the case, it is a really different idea and doesn't seem like Facebook a bit. I know that if this idea for this application becomes successful, life would become a little bit more comfortable. People have to worry less about something and it descreases the risk on a possible bad experience or real bad expieriences happening. I can not believe that what I have in mind does not exist yet and I did research about this thing existing and there are small websites who tried to do the same, but everything I found was something like it, but all with a small target group and do not even come close to the amount of functionalities and possibilities of what people can do with this application I have in mind. I would like to see that in like 10 years time I can achieve from having an idea on 27 June 2023, starting from scratch with React, I can keep up and grow my secret project to something that really will be going live in production, not only in the browser but also for Android and iOS. I know that the application would be too big and advanced that I cannot keep something like this stable and up to date on my own,. At some point when I have enough knowledge about all deployment methods and the underlying techniques and the app has already a lot of features good enough for the development phase, then I will get people together to help me kickstart and making it ready for production, completely tested and bugfree, It has to be a solid trustworthy app people never get frustrated by, it should give users a sense of relieve, because it solves a problem we now have, but we have no cure yet.

### 🌱 Not long ago I started to be interested in [React, Javascript, NextJS, MongoDB, NextAuth, Formik Node.js wich I have integrated in this project deployment.](https://profile-finder-black.vercel.app/) Three.js, and more Javascript based code. I'm still orienting myself to find what I like most to start a future in development in. I never worked with anything javascript related and before the 27th of June this year I cound't decypher the most basic javascript syntax. But in very little time, just since a few weeks ago (it's now 20 July), I understand the fundamental javascript syntax and I started reading the React documentation and now I understand the component hierarchy and one way flow of data only down to children and passing them functions to change parent state components and understand how all and only the affected components rerender when a state value is set with the setState function provided by the useState function which is a React.js Hook. React hooks always begin with the word "use", you different hooks which are called when a component mounts or unmounts and you can use useEffect if you want to run some code on all whenever any other hook runs, all the different hook event subscriptions combined. But until now I had no reason to use it yet, it's probably because I still am javascript newby. That is different from useState because it's necesarry that sibling components respond when a sibling changes and that means that the componend has to rerender, there's only one solution and that's executing a setState function in (the first) common parent to cause a change so that the siblings requirements for his state isn't met anymore and then the sibling will be forcefully be rerendered (or doesn't even exist anymore) because of calling a function in the parent. That't the only way 2 components can change at the same time without having a connection because their not extended from each other. I have also freated Layout components already, that's unavoidable if you try to create a webapp with different pages, but with shared features as a navigation bar and stuff that is always there on every page.The first time that I created a layout was a little hard for me, because I was still a little bit confused about the hiearchy and I struggled a little bit with which component had to pass the props the props to which component. But after just a little while I got used in wich way the data and dependencies flow. Always from that big fat App.js breaking up in smaller and smaller components which where saved in different directories, because of different purposes but all imported in the big boss parent component. I think that I got used the component hiearchy and with practicing the code samples from the documentation I could see and read which componets should and can't give props to which other components. I understood the completely on component based hiearchy from React faster than basic javascript syntax, but while reading a lot of documentation, I learned to read all plain javascript syntax that is used within React. After reading a lot of React documentation I decided to read [this book](https://flaviocopes.com/book/js/), The Javascript Handbook from begin to end and there was nothing in there that I did not understand or had to think twice about, but I understand that that JS Handbook really easy to understand very basic syntax is and not so impressive, but I felt good about it. There is only one thing that I still have a hard time with and that is coming up with a design. How to make the UI and UX clean and impresive. I am not a visual artist (yet), I'd like to get to know some skilled frontend designers/developers who can come op with a unique modern design which will match a high quality standard application that I want to be developing in the near future. (First I need to read 70% more documention before I can really say I even have a complete understanding of a library as React.js. But lately since 1,5 week I am already looking in different javascript library related modules like Three.js. To create a dynamic interactive webapplication where users experience everything with 1 dimension more than the other 99.999% of websites. I'd like to develop something that will trigger a WOW effect the first time a visiter lands on my index page something impressive animation which to trigger a rush and set the mood, that's something I'd like to achieve be possible for me to develop something, maybe together with other developers, something where at least 90% of the users would be impressed.

### 👀 TIP: Clone my three.js-practice-2 repository (https://lnkd.in/dSxMNXkG) and then: checkout git tag: v0.0.1. You can start the local Vite server with "npx vite" from the root folder and render the cube animation in the browser. I wrote some really good comments of the purpose and functionality, line by line. It is very easy to understand and fascinating. You can render such an animation in the browser without much code. After you saw the original animation in the browser, try to edit the object configurations or increase the number of objects to render! If you look for possible material settings, you would not believe what kind of effects you can configure, everything is possible!
